hey guys hero 94 here I'm doing my quick
ash filled with league of legends um if
you remember I said I would have it up a
few days ago and I messed up and I
didn't but I'm gonna get up as much as I
can just ignore the last whisper that
it's there because I'm going to teach
you guys how I normally build that last
whisper is part of my bill but I bought
it early just to show you guys because
I've been trying to get extra cash so I
can show you guys later on how I play
them get some more money here running
over um some quick things to learn about
ashes she's very squishy can't take a
lot of damage so depending on how you
build your ass you might want to get
something like patchy's ill banshees
veil to make sure you protect yourself
me personally I'm all about offense and
I get so much attack damage and attack
speed plus lifesteal usually I can out
leave people DPS but if it's a 211 or I
usually can't win something like that or
a three-on-one you definitely can't win
something like that with an ash
especially if they have a stun a stun
will usually mess you up silence is not
so much because it's your basic attack
that kills people but the first thing I
always buy his boots at level 1 then you
buy one or two potions depending what
you like to use either health or magic
um then I come back and I eventually by
depending on who I'm fighting I'm
usually it's boots of swiftness but if
I'm finding people who have a lot of
stunts and a lot of slows I'll get the
mercury threads and sometimes I'll even
get berserk agrees but on an average its
boots of swiftness just for the actual
movement then from there I move into
getting zeal and just deal by itself
because increasing my tag speed create
damage and movement then I get last
whisper which i already have as you can
see then from here I work on infinity
edge and I come back and get my phantom
dancer at this point you have five of
your six items as you can see I'm kind
of out of money since since um I didn't
know play this whole match and get a lot
more money like I was planning on
because it's kind of taking a little bit
long enough dot but
um big money see not enough still but as
you can ignore them noise in the
background but um as you could usually
hit really hard and a lot of crits with
this build um the things I like about it
most is the fact that you just do a lot
so as you do a lot of damage which is
what your character's name for next you
can either get a batches bill which is
the item was telling you about but what
I go is oh my go for a lifestyle item
and it's usually the bloodthirster like
I said I don't have enough money to buy
it bloodthirsty and for my sixth and
final item um it buries it can be
another attack speed item nor their
lifestyle item like the banshees veil
what I usually go for is usually the
Black Cleaver because I'm all about like
armor pen and this reduces someone's
armor x 60 x 16 12 every shot and its
tax five times so it's 16 and it's only
3000 which isn't too bad um stacking
that with last whisper which increases
your attack speed damage and um and you
penetrate forty percent of their armor
and just overall it's nice plus you have
a 20-percent dodge so that also helps
you a lot with survivability from
phantom dancer overall this is basically
my bill then yeah and not some quick
tips they don't want to get with ash
something to remember with ash her
ultimate aero is your biggest support
you can give other characters if you hit
someone at point-blank range the max
it'll be is one second stun which is
still good you know but it's not as nice
as it can be the max it can be three and
a half seconds in order to get a three
and a half second stun you need to be
about from right here where I'm at to
let's say about right here I don't know
if you can see that on the mini-map but
about right there give or take you know
not going to be exact I've tested out a
little bit that's about as much as I
seem to get a three and a half second
stun um a lot of times we'll actually do
though they're usually laning midsole oh
so from there you have the option of
shooting it up and down I've been doing
a little bit of tests to see how long
takes takes about see as you can see one
Mississippi two Mississippi three
Mississippi four Mississippi five
Mississippi six Mississippi seven
Mississippi eight Mississippi nine
Mississippi takes about four to four and
a half seconds to get from one lane to
another lane and about nine eight to
nine seconds to get from two lanes so
it's very hard to shoot someone from two
lanes and even from one line it can be
very difficult so you have to be very
usually skillful and a lot of luck to
hit people with those assholes um so as
you can see i'm hitting him 151 on my
regular shots for 19 on Mike Ritz isn't
a whole lot but it's something um that's
basically all I really gotta say with
ash remember for your last two items
bloodthirster and it's remember 419
isn't a lot but I'm gonna be adding more
than another I'm gonna be adding another
100 so I'm attacked my damage so I'm be
hitting for a lot more um that's really
all I got to say exceeded take down the
turd pretty fast and everything um I'll
be trying to get out another bill sivir
and maybe some more gameplay videos
probably not with ash since I don't
really use ash too much anymore but um
this is for all like the people want to
start playing ashley is very cheap she's
only 456 IP points very easy to play and
yeah if you there's a lot of good
players who use her and she can be very
good if you played correctly as you can
see i'm about to just end it really fast
and hopefully have enough time if not
it's over right here but it seems like i
will have enough time so it's like I
have to end it there and wonder it down
die rise but
okay maybe that's too much for me a solo
kill all these people really fast to
actually have enough to go get my
bloodthirster now or money or my black
cleaver but I'm just ended because
wherever people try not to talk about
your enemy talking with me and my buddy
do that too often and we always end up
losing the next batch or they do
it to us karma Karma's a bitch and here
I'm taking out the Nexus going to end
this quickly come on come on attack
attack attack attack attack attack
attack and there you go quick little
ashfield that's all I really got to say
hope you guys enjoyed it and here on ice
for outs